Correct spelling & grammar in 4.4 components/ (#16266)
symfony/symfony-docs: components/lock.rst

    if ($lock->acquire()) {
        // The resource "pdf-invoice-generation" is locked.

>         // You can compute and generate invoices safely here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // You can compute and generate the invoice safely here.
```

Cannot view the context of the code example, I am currently on a phone
